feat: JWT signer (#915)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/jwt-signer/index.md

For example, if an access token already maps to a {{site.base_gateway}} Consumer, the plugin doesn't try 
to map a channel token to that Consumer anymore, and won't throw any errors.

A general rule is to map either the access token or the channel token, not both.

## Cached JWKS

The plugin caches JWKS specified with [`config.access_token_jwks_uri`](/plugins/jwt-signer/reference/#schema--config-access-token-jwks-uri) and
[`config.channel_token_jwks_uri`](/plugins/jwt-signer/reference/#schema--config-channel-token-jwks-uri) to the {{site.base_gateway}} database for quicker access to them. The plugin
further caches JWKS in {{site.base_gateway}} nodes' shared memory, and on a per-process level in memory for
even quicker access. When the plugin is responsible for signing the tokens, it
also stores its own keys in the database.

Admin API endpoints never reveal private keys, but do reveal public keys.
Private keys that the plugin autogenerates can only be accessed from the database
directly. Private parts in JWKS include
properties such as `d`, `p`, `q`, `dp`, `dq`, `qi`, and `oth`. 

For public keys using a symmetric algorithm (such as `HS256`) that include the `k` parameter,

> that isn't hidden from the Admin API because that is used both to verify and

Author: ```suggestion
the parameter isn't hidden from the Admin API because it is used both to verify and
```

to map a channel token to that Consumer anymore, and won't throw any errors.

A general rule is to map either the access token or the channel token, not both.

## {{site.base_gateway}} Admin API endpoints

This plugin provides a few Admin API endpoints.

### Cached JWKS Admin API endpoint

The plugin caches JWKS specified with [`config.access_token_jwks_uri`](/plugins/jwt-signer/reference/#schema--config-access-token-jwks-uri) and
[`config.channel_token_jwks_uri`](/plugins/jwt-signer/reference/#schema--config-channel-token-jwks-uri) to the {{site.base_gateway}} database for quicker access to them. The plugin
further caches JWKS in {{site.base_gateway}} node's shared memory, and on process a level memory for
even quicker access. When the plugin is responsible for signing the tokens, it
also stores its own keys in the database.

Admin API endpoints never reveal private keys, but do reveal public keys.
Private keys that the plugin autogenerates can only be accessed from the database
directly. Private parts in JWKS include
properties such as `d`, `p`, `q`, `dp`, `dq`, `qi`, and `oth`. 

For public keys
that are using a symmetric algorithm (such as `HS256`) and include `k` parameter,

> that isn't hidden from the Admin API because that is used both to verify and

Reviewer: Not sure what "that" refers to here, is it the`k`parameter ?

to sign. This makes it a bit problematic to use, and we strongly suggest using
asymmetric (or public key) algorithms. Doing so also makes rotating the keys
easier because the public keys can be shared between parties
and published without revealing their secrets.

View all of the public keys that {{site.base_gateway}} has loaded or generated:

```http
GET localhost:8001/jwt-signer/jwks
```

### Cached JWKS Admin API endpoint for a Key Set

A particular key set can be accessed in another endpoint:

```http
GET localhost:8001/jwt-signer/jwks/<name-or-id>
```

> You can give your upstream service the `http://localhost:8001/jwt-signer/jwks/kong` URL for them to verify {{site.base_gateway}}-issued tokens. The response is a standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can give your upstream service the `http://localhost:8001/jwt-signer/jwks/kong` URL for it to verify {{site.base_gateway}}-issued tokens. The response is a standard
```

You can also make a loopback to this endpoint by routing the {{site.base_gateway}} proxy to this URL.
Then, you can use an authentication plugin to protect access to this endpoint,
if needed.

You can also `DELETE` a key set by issuing following:

```http
DELETE localhost:8001/jwt-signer/jwks/<name-or-id>
```

The plugin automatically reloads or regenerates missing JWKS if it can't
find cached ones. The plugin also tries to reload JWKS if it can't verify
the signature of the original access token or channel token, such as when
the original issuer has rotated its keys and signed with the new one that is not
found in {{site.base_gateway}} cache.

### Cached JWKS Admin API endpoint for Key Set rotation

If you want to rotate the Keys {{site.base_gateway}} uses for signing tokens specified in
[`config.access_token_keyset`](/plugins/jwt-signer/reference/#schema--config-access-token-keyset) and [`config.channel_token_keyset`](/plugins/jwt-signer/reference/#schema--config-channel-token-keyset), or perhaps
reload tokens specified in [`config.access_token_jwks_uri`](/plugins/jwt-signer/reference/#schema--config-access-token-jwks-uri) and

> [`config.channel_token_jwks_uri`](/plugins/jwt-signer/reference/#schema--config-channel-token-jwks-uri). {{site.base_gateway}} stores and uses at most two set of Keys:

Reviewer: There's an "if" but nothing after it
